docs(guides): fix typos in HMR guide (#3248)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/hot-module-replacement.md

- [Angular HMR](https://github.com/gdi2290/angular-hmr): No loader necessary! A simple change to your main NgModule file is all that's required to have full control over the HMR APIs.
- [Svelte Loader](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte-loader): This loader supports HMR for Svelte components out of the box.

> T> If you know of any other loaders or plugins that help with or enhance Hot Module Replacement, please submit a pull request to add them to this list!

Reviewer: While at it, we use HMR here and there on the page, lets also change it here:
```suggestion
T> If you know of any other loaders or plugins that help with or enhance HMR, please submit a pull request to add them to this list!
```
